README.md, before:

# Employee-Tracker
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/MIT%20License-purple)

## Description

City government content management systems as a command-line application and database written using TypeScript, Node.js, Inquirer, and PostgreSQL.

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [How to Contribute](#how-to-contribute)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [License](#license)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Installation

1. Install PostgreSQL 2. Install node.js 3. Open the command-line interface, clone the repository, and cd to the db/ folder. 4. In postgres, run \i on both sql files to create and seed the database. 5. Run npm install 6. Run npm start

## Usage

### Video Demo
![Video demo of application.](assets/videos/Video-Demo)

### Usage Information
- On application start the user is presented with the following options 
-- 'View total utilized labor budget by department', 'View all departments', 'View all roles', 'View all employees', 'Add a department', 'Add a role', 'Add an employee', 'Update an employee role', 'Exit' 
- Select the prompts using the arrow and enter keys to perform CRUD on the database

## How to Contribute

Contribute freely! Please create an associated ticket in the github project management tool to track your change.

## Tests

This application is functionally tested.

## License 
This application is covered under MIT License.
See the [full license](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) for more information.

## Questions

To reach me with additional questions please message me on either GitHub at jake-magri or via email jake.magri2@gmail.com.

Commit message:

Video Demo to README.md Added

README.md, after:

# Employee-Tracker
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/MIT%20License-purple)

## Description

City government content management systems as a command-line application and database written using TypeScript, Node.js, Inquirer, and PostgreSQL.

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [How to Contribute](#how-to-contribute)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [License](#license)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Installation

1. Install PostgreSQL
2. Install node.js
3. Open the command-line interface
4. Clone the repository, and cd to the db/ folder
4. In postgres, run \i on both .sql files to create and seed the database
5. Run npm install
6. Run npm start

## Usage

### Video Demo
https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/410ec46a-e8fb-4eb4-a206-4a22d26b1042

### Usage Information
- On application start, the user is presented with the following options:
    - 'View total utilized labor budget by department'
    - 'View all departments'
    - 'View all roles'
    - 'View all employees'
    - 'Add a department'
    - 'Add a role'
    - 'Add an employee'
    - 'Update an employee role'
    - 'Exit'
        - Use the arrow keys to navigate through the prompts.
        - Press the enter key to select an option.
- Each option allows you to perform Create, Read, Update, or Delete (CRUD) operations on the database.

## How to Contribute
Contribute freely! Please create an associated ticket in the github project management tool to track your change.

## Tests
This application is functionally tested.

## License 
This application is covered under MIT License.
See the [full license](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) for more information.

## Questions
To reach me with additional questions please message me on either GitHub at jake-magri or via email jake.magri2@gmail.com.
